What is `NPM`?
npm is a package manager for the JavaScript programming language maintained by npm, Inc. npm is the default package manager for the JavaScript runtime environment Node.js and is included as a recommended feature in the Node.js installer.

● - What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
Parcel and webpack are the bundlers used mostly for JavaScript or Typescript code that helps you to minify, clean, and make your code compact so that it becomes easier to send a request or receive the response from the server when it usually takes you to transfer multiple files without using any bundler for loading the page of your application. 

● - What is `.parcel-cache`
`.parcel-cache` is a directory generated by the Parcel bundler, a popular tool used for bundling and optimizing web applications. 

● - What is `npx` ?
The npx stands for Node Package Execute and is included with npm; if you install npm above 5.2. 0, npx will be installed automatically.

● - What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies`
"dependencies" : Packages required by your application in production. 
"devDependencies" : Packages that are only needed for local development and testing.

● - What is Tree Shaking?
Tree shaking is a dead code elimination technique that is applied when optimizing code.tree shaking eliminates unused functions from across the bundle by starting at the entry point and only including functions that may be executed.

● - What is Hot Module Replacement?
Hot Module Replacement (HMR) exchanges, adds, or removes modules while an application is running, without a full reload.

● - List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your
own words.
Tree Shaking -Tree shaking is a dead code elimination technique that is applied when optimizing code.tree shaking eliminates unused functions from across the bundle by starting at the entry point and only including functions that may be executed.
Hot Module Replacement-Hot Module Replacement (HMR) exchanges, adds, or removes modules while an application is running, without a full reload.
Caching-`.parcel-cache` is a directory generated by the Parcel bundler, a popular tool used for bundling and optimizing web applications. 
Differential bundling-supports older browsers
Minification of file(bundles the files)


● - What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
The purpose of gitignore files is to ensure that certain files not tracked by Git remain untracked.
we should add file like node_modules to git as it can be regenerated not the files like package.json

● - What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json`
package.json is configuration for npm and keeps desired versions of dependencies.
package-lock.json keeps track of exact version of dependencies and locks it.

● - Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
Its purpose is to track the entire tree of dependencies (including dependencies of dependencies) and the exact version of each dependency.

● - What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
node_modules contains all the dependencies and libraries used in your project.No it is not good idea to push that on git.

● - What is the `dist` folder?
The /dist folder contains the minimized version of the source code. The code present in the /dist folder is actually the code which is used on production web applications. Along with the minified code, the /dist folder also comprises of all the compiled modules that may or may not be used with other systems.

● - What is `browserlists`
browserslist is a configuration file that determines which browsers your project should support.

Read about dif bundlers: vite, webpack, parcel
vite-Vite (French word for "quick", pronounced /vit/, like "veet") is a build tool that aims to provide a faster and leaner development experience for modern web projects. It consists of two major parts:

A dev server that provides rich feature enhancements over native ES modules, for example extremely fast Hot Module Replacement (HMR).

A build command that bundles your code with Rollup, pre-configured to output highly optimized static assets for production.

webpack-
Webpack in react is a JavaScript module bundler that is commonly used with React to bundle and manage dependencies. It takes all of the individual JavaScript files and other assets in a project, such as images and CSS, and combines them into a single bundle that can be loaded by the browser.

parcel-Webpack in react is a  zero-configuration web application  bundler that is commonly used with React to bundle and manage dependencies.

● Read about: ^ - caret and ~ - tilda
^ - caret it automatically upgrades along with older versions
~ - tilda it automatically install major version

● Read about Script types in html (MDN Docs)
The <script> HTML element is used to embed executable code or data; this is typically used to embed or refer to JavaScript code. 
